c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\dailyQuotes.dll
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\dailyQuotes.pdb
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\dailyQuotes.xap
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\dailyQuotes.g.resources
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\dailyQuotes.dll
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\dailyQuotes.pdb
c:\users\amulya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\dailyQuotes.dll
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\dailyQuotes.pdb
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\Bin\Debug\dailyQuotes.xap
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\dailyQuotes.g.resources
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\dailyQuotes.dll
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\dailyQuotes.pdb
C:\Users\Bootstrap\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\dailyQuotes\dailyQuotes\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
